Update the general settings docu (#621)
SAP/luigi: docs/general-settings.md

* **header.logo** defines the top left navigation logo. It has a fixed height of 28px.
* **header.title** defines the top left navigation title.
* **header.favicon** defines the favicon. It rquires a standard favicon file with the `.ico` extension, and 16x16px or 32x32px dimensions.

> * **responsiveNavigation** allows customizing the navigation display settings. For example, you can define buttons which show or hide the left navigation completely, or collapse it to only show the icons. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **responsiveNavigation** allows customizing the navigation display settings. For example, you can define buttons which show or completely hide the left navigation, or collapse it to only show the icons. 
```
Can we move "completely" so that it refers only to "hide"?

You can set the following values:

> * `simple` displays the button regardless of the browser window´s size.

Reviewer 2: For the first two options, the information about where is the button displayed and what happens when we click it is missing (before we had _on the left side of the top navigation. Upon click, the button shows or hides the left navigation_). Please check the content we had before ;)

Author: It's a valid point - I thought that  I may simplify it a little bit and provide the descriptions of buttons as an example, but you are right that we need to be more exact. The question is: this part `if you don't specify any value for responsiveNavigation, the button will not be displayed.` - does it apply only to the button on the left side of the top navigation or also to the one that is at the bottom and collapses the navigation?

> * `simpleMobileOnly` displays the button when the width is lower than `600px`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `simpleMobileOnly` displays the button narrower than `600px`. 
```
What do you think?

> * `semiCollapsible` displays the arrow button at the bottom of the left side navigation. Upon click, the button displays the navigation or collapses it.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `semiCollapsible` displays the arrow button at the bottom of the left side navigation. Once you click the button, the navigation displays or collapses.<br>
```

> If you don't specify any value for  **responsiveNavigation**, the buttons remain hidden. The same applies when you enable **hideSideNav** for the current active navigation node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't specify any value for  **responsiveNavigation**, the buttons remain hidden. The same applies when you enable **hideSideNav** for the currently active navigation node. 
```
